To me, being an intellectual doesn't mean knowing about intellectual issues; it means taking pleasure in them.|Jacob Bronowski - American scientist, author, philosopher
I try to avoid looking forward or backward, and try to keep looking upward.|Charlotte Bronte (1816-1855) - English author
Always tell the truth, not only because it is the decent thing to do, but because it gives you such an advantage over the man who is trying to remember his lies!|Sam Brookes
Good women always think it is their fault when someone else is being offensive. Bad women never take the blame for anything.|Anita Brookner (b. 1938) British author
Tragedy is if I cut my finger, comedy is if I walk into an open sewer and die.|Mel Brooks
Whenever people say "we mustn't be sentimental", you can take it they are about to do something cruel. And if they add, "we must be realistic", they mean they are going to make money out of it.|Brigid Brophy
Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level.|Dr. Joyce Brothers
In each of us are places where we have never gone. Only by pressing the limits do you ever find them.|Dr. Joyce Brothers
Education makes a people easy to lead, but difficult to drive; easy to govern but impossible to enslave.|Lord Brougham
Sports do not build character. They reveal it.|Haywood Hale Broun
Posterity is as likely to be wrong as anybody else.|Haywood Broun
A new idea is delicate. It can be killed by a sneer or a yawn; it can be stabbed to death by a joke or worried to death by a frown on the right person's brow.|Charles Brower
All technology should be assumed guilty until proven innocent.|David Brower
Our bombs are smarter than the average high school student. At least they can find Kuwait.|A. Whitney Brown - American editor, publisher
I am not a vegetarian because I love animals; I am a vegetarian because I hate plants.|A. Whitney Brown
The one thing that can solve most of our problems is dancing.|James Brown
Some television programs are so much chewing gum for the eyes.|John Mason Brown, July 28,1955
I am ready at any time. Do not keep me waiting.|John Brown's Last words
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss it you will land among the stars.|Les Brown
If you can't return a favour, pass it on.|Louise Brown
Men live by intervals of reason under the sovereignty of humor and passion.|Sir Thomas Browne
That's it! We're all the same schmuck!|Lenny Bruce
What oxygen is to the lungs, such is hope to the meaning of life.|Emil Brunner
I'll tell you why I like the cigarette business. It costs a penny to make. Sell it for a dollar. It's addictive. And there's fantastic brand loyalty.|Warren Buffet
Artificial Intelligence: the art of making computers that behave like the ones in movies.|Bill Bulko
'It is destiny' - phrase of the weak human heart! 'It is destiny' - dark apology for every error! The strong and virtuous admit no destiny.|Edward Bulwer-Lytton
Laugh and the world laughs with you. Snore and you sleep alone.|Anthony Burgess
I suppose it is much more comfortable to be mad and not know it than to be sane and have one's doubts.|G. B. Burgin
Make no little plans; they have no magic to stir men's blood and probably will themselves not be realized. Make big plans; aim high in hope and work, remembering that a noble, logical diagram once recorded will not die.|Daniel Burnham
Never do today what you can put off till tomorrow. Delay may give clearer light as to what is best to be done.|Aaron Burr
A man can fail many times, but he isn't a failure until he begins to blame somebody else.|John Burroughs (1837-1921) - American naturalist
I think all of us are looking at the future with yesterday's eyes.|Dan Burrus
The more I study religions the more I am convinced that man never worshipped anything but himself.|Sir Richard Francis Burton (1821-1890) - British explorer
Don't smother each other. No one can grow in the shade.|Leo F. Buscaglia
Don't try to fine-tune somebody else's view.|George Bush
Businesses planned for service are apt to succeed; businesses planned for profit are apt to fail.|Nicholas M. Butler (1862-1947) - American educator
Don't go through life, grow through life.|Eric Butterworth
"Sometimes insanity is the only alternative"|Button at a Science Fiction convention.
Friendship without self-interest is one of the rare and beautiful things of life.|James Byrnes
Each man is the smith of his own fortune.|Appius Claudius Caecus
Are tectonic plates dishwasher-safe?|Herb Caen
When the swords flash let no idea of love, piety, or even the face of your fathers move you.|Caius Julius Caesar (100-44 BCE)
Veni, vidi, vici. [I came, I saw, I conquered.]|Julius Caesar
The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all possible worlds; and the pessimist fears this is true.|Irving Caesar
If someone says 'can't,' that shows you what to do.|John Cage
When music fails to agree to the ear, to soothe the ear and the heart and the senses, then it had missed the point.|Maria Callas
An honest politician is one who, when he is bought, will stay bought.|Simon Cameron, (1799-1889)
He who asks questions cannot avoid the answers.|Cameroon Proverb
'Tis home felt pleasure prompts the patriot's sigh; This makes him wish to live and dare to die.|Campbell
We presuppose two things: that there is yet to be learned infinitely more than is now known, and that man can learn it.|John W. Campbell, Jr., American author and editor
Life is a moderately good play with a badly written third act.|Truman Capote.
[Abstract art is] a product of the untalented, sold by the unprincipled to the utterly bewildered.|Al Capp
Creation myths are not about the origins of the world at all, but about the origins of patriarchy which has claimed itself as the world.|Jane Caputi
The man who dies rich dies disgraced.|Andrew Carnegie, The Gospel of Wealth 
The love of beauty in its multiple forms is the noblest gift of the human cerebrum.|Alexis Carrel, (1873-1944)
First learn computer science and all the theory. Next develop a programming style. Then forget all that and just hack.|George Carrette
If I'm not back in five minutes, wait longer.|Ace Ventura, Pet Detective
I am amazed at radio DJ's today. I am firmly convinced that AM on my radio stands for Absolute Moron. I will not begin to tell you what FM stands for.|Jasper Carrott
If life was fair, Elvis would be alive and all the impersonators would be dead.|Johnny Carson
You can do anything you want to do, if you know what to do.|Betty Carter
There are only two lasting bequests we can hope to give our children. One of these is roots, the other, wings.|Hodding Carter
You can do what you have to do, and sometimes you can do it even better than you think you can.|Jimmy Carter
The only critic is time.|A. J. Casson
It often happens that those of whom we speak least on earth are best known in heaven.|Nicholas 
Books are the blessed chloroform of the mind.|Robert Chambers
Life is a disease from which sleep gives us relief every sixteen hours. Sleep is a palliative, death is a remedy.|Sebastien N. Chamfort
Death, the one appointment we all must keep, and for which no time is set.|Charlie Chan
The more you reason the less you create.|Raymond Chandler (1888-1959)
Every action in our lives touches on some chord that will vibrate in eternity.|Edwin Hubbel Chapin
Ignorance is the mother of admiration.|George Chapman
You can always spot a well informed man - his views are the same as yours.|Ilka Chase
Success builds character, failure reveals it.|Dave Checkett
We are accustomed to say that the truth makes men free. It does nothing of the kind. It is the knowledge of the truth that creates freedom. "Ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free."|Ernest H. Cherrington
History is only a confused heap of facts.|Earl of Chesterfield.
When I abuse the language, I call it 'art' and call myself an artist; when you abuse the language, I call it 'wrong,' call myself a critic, and assume an air of unimpeachable authority.|Fennec A. Churl, 1995.
The Constitution gives every American the inalienable right to make a damn fool of himself.|John Ciardi
The classroom should be an entrance into the world, not an escape from it.|John Ciardi
Beware the bitterness of the lonely ones that turn their back to love, ambition, society. They will some day revenge of having renounced to all that.|E. M. Cioran
Being in the army is like being in the Boy Scouts, except that the Boy Scouts have adult supervision.|Clark, Blake
Why not upset the apple cart? If you don't the apples will rot anyway.|Frank A. Clark
War is too serious a matter to entrust to military men.|Georges Clemenceau
Honor lies in honest toil.|Grover Cleveland
I wanted to kiss this woman so bad, I wondered how I would stay alive without it.|Richard Cohen
People are divided into two groups - the righteous and the unrighteous - and the righteous do the dividing.|Lord Cohen
If income was directly proportional to technical proficiency and education, classical and jazz musicians would be some of the most affluent people in the world.|Robert Coleman
Be happy. It is a way of being wise.|Colette
I've never met a politician who didn't like free publicity.|William Cologie
Behold the turtle. He makes progress only when he sticks his neck out.|James Bryant Conant
Heav'n hath no rage like love to hatred turn'd, Nor Hell a fury, like a woman scorn'd.|William Congreve
Music has charms to soothe a savage breast, to soften rocks, or bend a knotted oak.|William Congreve
1. Freedom of assembly and association as well as speech, press and all other forms of expression are guaranteed. 2. No censorship shall be maintained, nor shall the secrecy of any means of communication be violated.|Article 21, Constitution of Japan
The whole problem can be stated quite simply by asking, 'Is there a meaning to music?' My answer would be, 'Yes.' And 'Can you state in so many words what the meaning is?" My answer to that would be, 'No.'|Aaron Copland
Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the Universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots. So far, the Universe is winning.|Rich Cook
Geniuses do not think more than other people. They think less.|Len Cool
George Washington was first in war, first in peace -- and the first to have his birthday juggled to make a long weekend.|Ashley Cooper
A word to the wise ain't necessary, it is the stupid ones who need all the advice.|Bill Cosby
I have seen soldiers panic at the first sight of battle, and a wounded squire pulling arrows out from his wound to fight and save his dying horse. Nobility is not a birth right but is defined by one's action.|Kevin Costner (Robin Hood, Prince of Thieves)
Hope is independent of the apparatus of logic.|Norman Cousins
Drugs are not always necessary, [but] belief in recovery always is.|Norman Cousins
Sunburn is very becoming -- but only when it is even -- one must be careful not to look like a mixed grill.|Noel Coward
Extraordinary how potent cheap music is.|Noel Coward
Wherever you go... There you are.|Cowboy (Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai)
Absence from whom we love is worse than death, and frustrates hope severer than despair.|William Cowper
Keeping your clothes well pressed will keep you from looking hard pressed.|Coleman Cox
There are three ways to get something done: do it yourself, hire someone, or forbid your kids to do it.|Monta Crane
We are each of us angels with only one wing, and we can only fly embracing each other.|Liciano De Crexcenzo
If the automobile had followed the same development cycle as the computer, a Rolls-Royce would today cost $100, get a million miles per gallon, and explode once a year, killing everyone inside.|Robert X. Cringely, InfoWorld
What is life? It is the flash of a firefly in the night. It is the breath of a buffalo in the wintertime. It is the little shadow which runs across the grass and loses itself in the sunset.|Crowfoot, Blackfoot warrior and orator, 1890 (last words)
I felt a kind of forlorn sense of being lost in a world of incredibly stupid and malicious dwarfs.|Aleister Crowley
We are what and where we are because we have first imagined it.|Donald Curtis
The great thing about the Internet is that it will not abide by the rules.|Richard Curtis
Mine! Mine! It's all mine!|Daffy Duck
Show my head to the people, it is worth seeing.|Georges Danton, to his executioner
Americans have checked out of politics. It's not just a problem with one segment of the American public. People are disengaged across all kinds of socioeconomic and ethnic categories.|Tamar Datan, Pew Charitable Trust
Just as iron rusts from disuse, even so does inaction spoil the intellect.|Leonardo da Vinci
Just as eating contrary to the inclination is injurious to the health, so study without desire sports the memory, and it retains nothing that it takes in.|Leonardo Da Vinci
The first and great commandment is, Don't let them scare you.|Elmer Davis
In the race for love, I was scratched.|Joan Davis
'Tis not the fairest form that holds The mildest, purest soul within; 'Tis not the richest plant that holds The sweetest fragrance in.|Dawes
Information's pretty thin stuff unless mixed with experience.|Clarence Day
The real world is not easy to live in. It is rough; it is slippery. Without the most clear-eyed adjustments we fall and get crushed. A man must stay sober: not always, but most of the time.|Clarence Day
Dream as if you'll live forever. Live as if you'll die tomorrow.|James Dean
While there is a lower class I am in it; while there is a criminal element I am of it; while there is a soul in prison, I am not free.|Eugene Victor Debs
To discusss an opinion with a fool is like carrying a lantern before a blind man.|De Gaston
Nothing great will ever be achieved without great men, and men are great only if they are determined to be so.|Charles De Gaulle
Dreaming permits each and every one of us to be quietly and safely insane every night of our lives.|William Dement
Beware lest in your anxiety to avoid war you obtain a master.|Demosthenes (384 B.C.-322 B.C.)
Reach for the heavens And hope for the future In all that we can be Not what we are.|John Denver
Grassroots can grow through concrete.|
The best answer to bad speech is good speech.|Alan Dershowitz
We swallow greedily any lie that flatters us, but we sip only little by little at a truth we find bitter.|Denis Diderot
It doesn't matter how good an eggs looks. If it smells, there's something wrong.|Dieckhoff's Law
VAX. For those who care enough to steal the very best.|
Computer Science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes.|Professor Edsger Dijkstra
The effort of using machines to mimic the human mind has always struck me as rather silly. I would rather use them to mimic something better.|Edsger Dijkstra
The question of whether a computer can think is no more interesting than the question of whether a submarine can swim.|Edgar W. Dijkstra
The military is a role model for the business world.|Robert Dilenschneider
Always be nice to your children because they are the ones who will choose your rest home.|Phyllis Diller
In science one tries to tell people, in such a way as to be understood by everyone, something that no one ever knew before. But in poetry, it's the exact opposite.|Paul Adrien Maurice Dirac
If you can dream it, you can do it.|Walt Disney
Time goes, you say? Ah no! Alas, Time stays, *we* go.|Austin Dobson
I am two fools, I know, For loving, and for saying so in Whining poetry.|John Donne
Where would Christianity be if Jesus got eight to fifteen years with time off for good behavior?|Senator James Donovan, in support of capital punishment
Ignorance and iliteracy are obviously not synonymous; even illiterate masses can cast their ballots with intelligence, once they are informed.|William O. Douglas
Production is not the application of tools to materials, but of logic to work.|Peter Drucker 
Ignorance is a cure for nothing.|W. E. B. DuBois
If I had a nickel for every time I told some woman I was a millionaire, I WOULD be a millionaire.|Duckman
Reality is just a crutch for people that can't handle CyberSpace!|Hank Duderstadt
All generalizations are dangerous, even this one.|Alexandre Dumas
And that's the world in a nutshell, an appropriate receptacle.|Stan Dunn
Win any way as long as you can get away with it. Nice guys finish last.|Leo Durocher
History is mostly guessing; the rest is prejudice.|W+A Durrant
Een schip op het strand is een baken in zee.[A ship on the beach is a lighthouse to the sea.]|Dutch Proverb
Don't feed males. Don't breed males.|Andrea Dworkin
If nice guys finish last, then great guys come in right after them.|Edward Dyer
It's better to get mugged than to live a life of fear.|Freeman Dyson
For this world which thou dost inhabit is itself the realm of darkness and this very flesh is thy perdition.|Ecclesiastes
Dead flies cause the ointment of the apothecary to send forth a stinking savour: so doth a little folly him that is in reputation for wisdom and honour.|The Bible-Eccles 10:1
What is Truth? Truth is something so noble that if God could turn aside from it, I would keep the Truth and turn aside from God.|Johannes Eckhard
People are always ready to admit a man's ability after he gets there.|Bob Edwards
Writing, for him who knows it is better than all other professions; it pleases more than bread and beer, more than clothing and ornament.|20th Dynasty, Egypt
Most lies succeed because no one goes through the work to figure out how to catch them.|Paul Ekman
Love makes the world go 'round, and so does a bump on the head.|Bill Ekstrand
Music heard so deeply that it is not heard at all, but you are the music while the music lasts.|Thomas Eliot
It is time I stepped aside for a less experienced and less able man.|Professor Scott Elledge (on his retirement from Cornell)
Big Ideas are so hard to recognize, so fragile, so easy to kill. Don't forget that, all of you who don't have them.|John Elliot, Jr.
Dancing is the loftiest, the most moving, the most beautiful of the arts, because it is no mere translation or abstraction from life; it is life itself.|Havelock Ellis.
You'll come to learn a great deal if you study the Insignificant in depth.|Odysseus Elytis (b. 1911)
Writing requires devotion and a bit of arrogance.|Buchi Emecheta
Each man's task is his life preserver.|George B. Emerson.
Habit is either the best of servants or the worst of masters.|Nathaniel Emmons
Venture not to defend what your judgment doubts of.|English Saying
That is the truest sign of insanity - insane people are always sure that they are fine. It is only the sane people who are willing to admit that they are crazy.|Nora Ephron
A compromise is the art of dividing a cake in such a way that everyone believes he has the biggest piece.|Ludwig Erhard
Kissing may not spread germs, but they certainly lower resistance.|Louise Erickson
Without women, the beginning of our life would be helpless; the middle devoid of pleasure; and the end, of consolation.|Victor Joseph Etienne de Jouy
When a woman behaves like a man, why can't she behave like a nice man?|Dame Edith Evans
When you re-read a classic, you do not see more in the book than you did before; you see more in you than there was before.|Cliff Fadiman
Miss Stein was a past master in making nothing happen very slowly.|Clifton Fadiman
Photons have neither morality nor visas.|David Farber, U. of Penn. professor
If you go in for argument, take care of your temper. Your logic, if you have any, will take care of itself.|Joseph Farrell
When lying, be emphatic and indignant, thus behaving like your children.|William Feather
Never feel self-pity, the most destructive emotion there is. How awful to be caught up in the terrible squirrel cage of self.|Millicent Fenwick
The most important thing in a relationship between a man and a woman is that one of them must be good at taking orders.|Linda Festa
Always carry a flagon of whiskey in case of snakebite and furthermore always carry a small snake.|W. C. Fields
The hardest people to convince they are at retirement age are children at bedtime.|Shannon Fife.
The nourishment is palatable.|Millard Fillmore's last words
Knowledge is a process of piling up facts; wisdom lies in their simplification.|Martin H. Fischer
The only reason some people get lost in thought is because it's unfamiliar territory.|Paul Fix
Earth has its boundaries, but human stupidity is limitless.|Gustave Flaubert
Poetry is as exact a science as geometry.|Flaubert, Gustave (1821-1880)
My problem lies in reconciling my gross habits with my net income.|Errol Flynn
When looking back, usually I'm more sorry for the things I didn't do than for the things I shouldn't have done.|Malcolm Forbes
Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one.|Malcolm Forbes
God loves us the way we are but He loves us too much to leave us that way.|Leighton Ford
Liberty is always dangerous, but it is the safest thing we have.|Harry Emerson Fosdick
Quality is never an accident; it is always the result of high intention, sincere effort, intelligent direction and skillful execution; it represents the wise choice of many alternatives.|Willa A. Foster
Time is not a road--it is a room.|John Fowles
If you could only love enough, you could be the most powerful person in the world.|Emmet Fox
Health nuts are going to feel stupid one day, lying in the hospital, dying of nothing.|Redd Foxx
The final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands.|Anne Frank
Not he who has much is rich, but he who gives much.|Erich Fromm
God, to me, it seems, is a verb not a noun, proper or improper.|R. Buckminster Fuller
The beginning is the most important part of the work.|Plato
Astronomy compels the soul to look upwards and leads us from this world to another.|Plato
Bodily exercise, when compulsory, does no harm to the body; but knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind.|Plato
Democracy, which is a charming form of government, full of variety and disorder, and dispensing a sort of equality to equals and unequals alike.|Plato
What a poor appearance the tales of poets make when stripped of the colours which music puts upon them, and recited in simple prose.|Plato
Of all the animals, the boy is the most unmanageable.|Plato
We are twice armed if we fight with faith.|Plato
Ignorance of all things is an evil neither terrible nor excessive, nor yet the greatest of all; but great cleverness and much learning, if they be accompanied by a bad training, are a much greater misfortune.|Plato
The price of apathy towards public affairs is to be ruled by evil men.|Plato 
The passionate are like men standing on their heads; they see all things the wrong way.|Plato 
They deem him their worst enemy who tells them the truth.|Plato
He was a wise man who invented God.|Plato
We are bound to our bodies like an oyster is to its shell.|Plato
Ivan Ilych's life was most simple, and most ordinary, and therefore most terrible.|Leo Tolstoy
Historians are like deaf people who go on answering questions that no one has asked them.|Leo Tolstoy
I'm not going to get into the ring with Tolstoy.|Ernest Hemingway.
Ernest Hemingway, when asked what was the most frightening thing he ever encountered, answered: "A blank sheet of paper."|
[The art of the torero is] the only art in which the artist is in danger of death and in which the degree of brilliance in the performance is left to the fighter's honor.|Ernest Hemingway
There are only three sports: bullfighting, motor racing, and mountaineering; all the rest are merely games.|Ernest Hemingway.
Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know.|Ernest Hemingway.
Fear of death increases in exact proportion to increase in wealth.|Hemingway's Law of the Dynamics of Dying
Anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job.|Douglas Adams
A computer terminal is not some clunky old television with a typewriter in front of it. It is an interface where the mind and body can connect with the universe and move bits of it about.|Douglas Adams
It's no coincidence that in no known language does the phrase "As pretty as an airport" appear.|Douglas Adams
The ships hung in the sky in much the same way that bricks don't.|Douglas Adams
The night sky over the planet Krikkit is the least interesting sight in the entire Universe.|Douglas Adams
Capital letters were always the best way of dealing with things you didn't have a good answer to.|Douglas Adams
He felt that his whole life was some kind of dream and he sometimes wondered whose it was and whether they were enjoying it.|Douglas Adams.
In the beginning, the universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry, and is generally considered to have been a bad move.|Douglas Adams.
Life... is like a grapefruit. It's orange and squishy, and has a few pips in it, and some folks have half a one for breakfast.|Douglas Adams.
The Hitch Hiker's Guide has not been an opera. It has however been a tapestry, if you count a woven bath towel as a tapestry.|Douglas Adams.
Very deep. You should send that into Reader's Digest, they've got a page for people like you.|Douglas Adams.
All it takes to fly is to hurl yourself at the ground... and miss.|Douglas Adams.
What you think means more than anything else in your life. More than what you earn, more than where you live, more than your social position, and more than what anyone else may think about you.|George Adams.
No man means all he says, and yet very few say all they mean, for words are slippery and thought is viscous.|Henry Adams.
Chaos often breeds life, when order breeds habit.|Henry Adams.
One friend in a lifetime is much; two are many; three are hardly possible. Friendship needs a certain parallelism of life, a community of thought, a rivalry of aim.|Henry B. Adams
"Chaos often breeds life when order breeds habit.|Henry Brooks Adams.
Arms in the hands of citizens [may] be used at individual discretion...in private defense.|John Adams
The only maxim of a free government ought to be to trust no man living with power to endanger the public liberty.|John Adams, "Notes for an Oration at Braintree", 1772
The vice presidency is not worth a bucket of warm spit.|John Adams.
Old minds are like old horses; you must exercise them if you wish to keep them in working order.|John Adams
Liberty cannot be preserved without a general knowledge among the people.|John Adams (1735-1826) - 2nd American president
Our Constitution was made only for a moral and religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other.|John Adams.
Thomas Jefferson--still surv...|John Adams' dying words
Plato was a bore.|Friedrich Nietzsche
Not infrequently, one encounters copies of important people; and, as with paintings, most people prefer the copy to the original.|Friedrich Nietzsche.
